docs: try to streamline contributor experience with init (#354)
canonical/charmlibs: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Adding a new library

Run `just init` to create a new general library, or `just interface init` for a new interface library.
We recommend following the [tutorial](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/charmlibs/tutorial) to learn how to add your library to the `charmlibs` monorepo.

> If you're migrating a library that was published elswhere, read the [how-to guide for migrating an existing library to this repository](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/charmlibs/how-to/migrate/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `just init` to create a new general library, or `just interface init` for a new interface library.
We recommend following the [tutorial](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/charmlibs/tutorial) to learn how to add your library to the `charmlibs` monorepo.
If you're migrating a library that was published elsewhere, read the [how-to guide for migrating an existing library to this repository](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/charmlibs/how-to/migrate/).
```
